how I handle self doubt. Um, yeah. There's gonna be times in your career.
You gonna wonder, you know? Why am I out here? Why am I doing this
job? I'll tell you a lot of nights. And if I were wearing my uniform
right now, my ribbons on city, I see service deployed with four
pins on it. Four oak leaves on it, which says, for two years, fully
deployed away from the country with my family, with my whole underway
at sea, Another year in hand. So, technically, I was away for three
years from the States. Anywhere. What thing is, uh, nice worshipped
robbery at night. You look up with the stars, you can see the stars.
You know what you're doing. You know your mission. I always like
to look back for the ship. The ship is on the way and you have shifted
colors from the fantail to the main mast. Ship is underway. You see
old glory flying? It's flying because you're there. Nor mission what
you're doing. Keeping that flag showing that for it's always been.
Um, I was advised officers will have a chance in Washington D c by
and see all the monuments by looking Blake. And look at the Washington
Monument. Look at what they did. Fact is that smart? Okay, they
did a lot. So they do what they did. I think I try to stay motivated
to do.